DK200
==
- [DK200 Getting Started](http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/embedded/design-tools/evaluation-platforms/gateway-solutions/dk200-development-kit-getting-started-guide.html)

## Intel速 IoT Gateway Development Kit DK200 Series



### Wind River速 Linux 5.0 / 5.1

- Wind River Linux Overview
- Development & Build Environment
- Configuration and Build
- Layers & Recipes
- Userspace & Kernel Development
- Debugging

### Wind River速 Intelligent Device Platform XT 2.0

> The Wind River Intelligent Device Platform XT (IDP XT) packages the Wind River commercialgrade
Linux development platform with security and management tools for gateways.

- Wind River Intelligent Device Platform Overview
- Architecture
- Security, Connectivity & Management
- Validation
- System Owner, Device & Application Development Vendor Tasks

Included in IDP XT
- Wind River Linux
- Wind River Workbench
- Wind River Intelligent Device Platform XT
- McAfee Embedded Control
- BSPs for the following boards:
  - Cross Hill
  - Clanton Hill
  - Galileo
  - Advantech UTX-3115

### Wind River速 EMS Device Management

> The Wind River Edge Management System enables you to remotely manage devices running the
EMS agent. The EMS Server is the cloud side of the Edge Management System. It receives data from the EMS agent on the devices connected to the server.

> When a device connects to the EMS server, it appears as an asset. The EMS Console provides an administrative interface to the server. You can also create your own application using the Mashery APIs to customize the administration and management of assets, and to export data to back end systems for further processing.

> The EMS Server stores data only for the previous 90 days. To maintain data history, you should
export the data at regular intervals.

- Wind River Intelligent Device Platform Edge Management System Overview
- Device side and Cloud side components Device Onboarding, Application Development and Target component updates
- Alarm workflow and error recovery

#### Mashery API

